Add reset instructions for boards that use Command to the Zadig driver installation guide (#6770)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/driver_installation_zadig.md

## Installation

> Put your keyboard into bootloader mode, either by hitting the `RESET` keycode (which may be on a different layer), or by pressing the reset switch that's usually located on the underside of the board. If your keyboard has neither, try holding Esc or Space+B as you plug it in (see the [Bootmagic](feature_bootmagic.md) docs for more details). Some boards use [Command](feature_command.md) instead of Bootmagic; in this case, you can enter bootloader mode by hitting LShift+RShift+B or LShift+RShift+Esc at any point while the keyboard is plugged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put your keyboard into bootloader mode, either by hitting the `RESET` keycode (which may be on a different layer), or by pressing the reset switch that's usually located on the underside of the board. If your keyboard has neither, try holding Escape or Space+`B` as you plug it in (see the [Bootmagic](feature_bootmagic.md) docs for more details). Some boards use [Command](feature_command.md) instead of Bootmagic; in this case, you can enter bootloader mode by hitting Left Shift+Right Shift+`B` or Left Shift+Right Shift+Escape at any point while the keyboard is plugged in.
```

I'd like to see keys referred to using their full names as defined in keycodes.md (within reason), with printable characters enclosed in code tags.

Author: Sounds good. I had glossed over the fact that this is an established convention in the docs. Will fix right away.

Reviewer: It's not, really, I just want it to be 😁 IMO it just makes the docs feel more polished if they reference keys and keycodes with a consistent style.

Author: Agreed, consistency is one of my favorite things ever. Though I don't particularly like putting the printable characters into code quotes. I think the best solution for this would be to have custom markup (akin to the `?>`, `!>` markup we already use) for computer keys, similar to what [Wikipedia has](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt_key#Alt_key_combinations). It shouldn't be too big of an issue to implement this docs-wide.

Author: Either way, I've updated my changes to match the existing convention we have going on, so this should be good to go!

Reviewer: Yeah, the `<kbd>` tag would be better (and could be used for non-printable keys too), but there is no nice way to do it in Markdown other than using the tag directly.

> Some keyboards may have specific instructions for entering the bootloader. For example, the [Bootmagic Lite](feature_bootmagic.md#bootmagic-lite) key (default: Esc) might be on a different key, e.g. LCtrl; or the magic combination for Command (default: LShift+RShift) might require you to hold something else, e.g. LCtrl+RCtrl. Refer to the board's README file if you are unsure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some keyboards may have specific instructions for entering the bootloader. For example, the [Bootmagic Lite](feature_bootmagic.md#bootmagic-lite) key (default: Escape) might be on a different key, e.g. Left Control; or the magic combination for Command (default: Left Shift+Right Shift) might require you to hold something else, e.g. Left Control+Right Control. Refer to the board's README file if you are unsure.
```
